Document generateCompileCommands task better (#2582)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/advanced-gradlerio/gradlew-tasks.rst

CompileCommands tasks
---------------------

``./gradlew generateCompileCommands`` - Generate compile_commands.json for C++ programs. This is a configuration file that is used by clangd, which is supported by many Integrated Development Environments and build tools.

.. warning::

>     Using compile commands isn't recommended for most users and has a variety of pitfalls compared to in built intellisense.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Using compile commands isn't recommended for most users and has a variety of pitfalls compared to the built-in Intellisense.
```

> .. note::

Reviewer 2: I think this is better off as part of the description rather a note

>     This file will be outputted under ``build/TargetedCompileCommands/targetplatformandbuildtype`` but needs to be moved to the root of your project. Make sure you have gitignored this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This file will be saved in ``build/TargetedCompileCommands/targetplatformandbuildtype`` but needs to be moved to the root of your project. Make sure you have gitignored this file.
```
Also, most IDEs have an option to specify compile command file location
